.TH ssl\-admin 1
.SH NAME
ssl-admin \- OpenSSL Certificate Manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.T
.B ssl-admin

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBssl-admin\fR is a menu-driven tool designed to simplify the management 
and distriibution of SSL certificates.  ssl-admin was originally written to
manage SSL certificates for use with OpenVPN.  This functionality has not
been removed.

.SH CORE FUNCTIONS
There are a number of core operations within \fBssl-admin\fR, often times
mutually exlusive of one another.  For example, you cannot generate a new
CA certificate and generate a client certificate all at once.

.TP
\fB--new-ca\fR
This command will generate a new root certificate and key pair and store
the new files in \fBwork-dir\fR.  If you add the optional \fB--clean\fR
argument, you will wipe out the existing certificate store.

.TP
\fB--int-ca\fR
This command will generate an intermediate CA certficate which can be used
for signing sub keys, etc.

.TP
\fB--client-cert\fR, \fB--ccert\fR
This will generate a client signing request, certificate, and key.

.TP
\fB--server-cert\fR, \fB--scert\fR
This will generate a client signing request, certificate, and key, with 
server extensions enabled.

.TP
\fB--dh\fR, \fB--diffie-hellman\fR
Generates the Diffie-Hellman prime.

.TP
\fB--revoke\fR
Used to revoke a certificate in the store.

.TP
\fB--crl-list\fR
This outputs a list of revoked certificates.

.SH DIRECTORIES
There are a number of directories within ~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/ which
contain the working and datafiles.  
.TP 
ACTIVE (~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/active)
The active directory contains certificates that have not been revoked. The 
only keys that are \fBREQUIRED\fR to be present are ca.crt and ca.key.

.TP 
CSR (~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/csr)
The csr directory contains certificate signing requests and keys for those
keys which have been created using ssl-admin.  If you need to sign a 
certificate signing request generated elsewhere, place the .csr here. The
key files are not required to be present.

.TP 
PACKAGES (~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/packages)
The packages directory contains any zipped packages you've built with ssl-admin.
Packages are generally used to distribute signed certificates to end users.

.TP 
PROG (~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/prog)
The prog directory contains all the data files used by ssl-admin.
\fBDO NOT EDIT OR MODIFY THE FILES IN THIS DIRECTORY\fR unless you know exactly
what you are doing.  If you are running OpenVPN, you may point your OpenVPN
crl-verify config option to ~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/prog/crl.pem.

.TP 
REVOKED (~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/revoked)
The revoked directory contains certificates and keys for those certificates
that have been revoked within ssl-admin.

.SH MENU OPTIONS
.TP
UPDATE RUN-TIME OPTIONS
.TP
CREATE NEW CERTIFICATE REQUEST

.TP
SIGN A CERTIFICATE REQUEST

.TP
PERFORM A ONE-STEP REQUEST/SIGN

.TP
REVOKE A CERTIFICATE

.TP
RENEW/RE-SIGN A PAST CERTIFICATE REQUEST

.TP
VIEW CURRENT CRL

.TP
VIEW INDEX INFORMATION

.TP
ZIP/PACKAGE END-USER FILES

.TP
GENERATE DIFFIE-HELLMAN

.TP
CREATE SELF-SIGNED CA

.TP
CREATE SIGNED SERVER CERTIFICATE

.TP
QUIT SSL-ADMIN

.SH NOTES
This man page needs to be completed.

.SH BUGS
.TP
OpenVPN client.ovpn error
There is an error when making a new certificate that client.ovpn doesn't exist.

.SH FILES
.T4
~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/ssl-admin.conf

.SH "SEE ALSO"
ssl-admin.conf(5), openssl(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Eric Crist <ecrist@secure-computing.net>

v~~~VERSION~~~
$Id: ssl-admin.1 356 2014-06-25 02:59:57Z ecrist $

