.TH ssl\-admin.conf 5
.SH NAME
ssl-admin.conf \- configuration file for ssl-admin

.SH DESCRIPTION
The file \fB ssl-admin.conf\fR contains settings that control site-
specific settings for your default key size, length, and location
information.

This configuration file is essentially a called perl script with the
needed variables assigned.

.SH KEY INFORMATION
.TP 
.B KEY_SIZE (num)
The length, in bits, for the default key size. A minimum of 1024 is
recommended.  This option can be changed at run time.
.TP
.B KEY_DAYS (num)
The length, in days, for the default period a certificate is valid for.
365 is recommended for web, mail, etc, servers.  3650 is recommended for
VPN certificates.  This option can be changed at run time.
.TP
.B KEY_CN (str)
This is the default Common Name for a certificate.  Leaving the value
empty is recommended.  This option is always asked for at run time.
.TP
.B KEY_CRL_LOC (str)
The publicly available location for your CRL (Certificate Revokation 
List).  At this time, ssl-admin does not have the ability of sending the
CRL to another system.  This value simply allows it to be set within
each certificate.
This string \fBmust\fR start with "URI:", and be followed with a standard
URL. For example, "URI:http://www.example.com/crl.pem"

.SH NOTES
This man page needs to be completed.

$Id: ssl-admin.conf.5 21 2008-12-04 13:10:04Z krzee $
.SH BUGS
No know bugs at this time.

.SH FILES
.T4
~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/ssl-admin.conf

.SH "SEE ALSO"
ssl-admin(1), openssl(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Eric Crist <ecrist@secure-computing.net>
