.TH ssl\-admin 1
.SH NAME
ssl-admin \- OpenSSL Certificate Manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.T
.B ssl-admin

.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBssl-admin\fR is a menu-driven tool designed to simplify the management 
and distriibution of SSL certificates.  ssl-admin was originally written to
manage SSL certificates for use with OpenVPN.  This functionality has not
been removed.

.SH First Run
The first time ssl-admin is run, you will be prompted for your existing
CA Root certificate and key file. If you do not have one, a new Root
CA will be created for you. \fBYou must have set the run-time variables
in ssl-admin.conf first.\fR

During the initial run, a complete directory structure will be created in
\fB~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin\fR.

.SH DIRECTORIES
There are a number of directories within ~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/ which
contain the working and datafiles.  
.TP 
ACTIVE (~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/active)
The active directory contains certificates that have not been revoked. The 
only keys that are \fBREQUIRED\fR to be present are ca.crt and ca.key.

.TP 
CSR (~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/csr)
The csr directory contains certificate signing requests and keys for those
keys which have been created using ssl-admin.  If you need to sign a 
certificate signing request generated elsewhere, place the .csr here. The
key files are not required to be present.

.TP 
PACKAGES (~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/packages)
The packages directory contains any zipped packages you've built with ssl-admin.
Packages are generally used to distribute signed certificates to end users.

.TP 
PROG (~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/prog)
The prog directory contains all the data files used by ssl-admin.
\fBDO NOT EDIT OR MODIFY THE FILES IN THIS DIRECTORY\fR unless you know exactly
what you are doing.  If you are running OpenVPN, you may point your OpenVPN
crl-verify config option to ~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/prog/crl.pem.

.TP 
REVOKED (~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/revoked)
The revoked directory contains certificates and keys for those certificates
that have been revoked within ssl-admin.

.SH NOTES
This man page needs to be completed.
$Id: ssl-admin.1 28 2008-12-07 16:58:37Z ecrist $

.SH BUGS
.TP
OpenVPN client.ovpn error
There is an error when making a new certificate that client.ovpn doesn't exist.

.SH FILES
.T4
~~~ETCDIR~~~/ssl-admin/ssl-admin.conf

.SH "SEE ALSO"
ssl-admin.conf(5), openssl(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Eric Crist <ecrist@secure-computing.net>


